Reduce Contributor Cardinality to 1 type per Contributor (#623)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/custom-filters.adoc

----

=== Filter Construction and Configuration
For Kroxylicious to instantiate and configure your custom filter we use Java's {java-17-javadoc}/java.base/java/util/ServiceLoader.html[ServiceLoader] API.
Each Custom Filter should provide a corresponding {api-javadoc}/io/kroxylicious/proxy/filter/FilterFactory.html[FilterFactory]
implementation that can create an instance of your custom Filter. The factory can optionally declare a configuration class that Kroxylicious will
populate (using Jackson) when loading your custom Filter. The module must package a `META-INF/services/io.kroxylicious.proxy.filter.FilterFactory`

> file containing the classnames of each contributor into the JAR file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file containing the classnames of each filter implementation into the JAR file.
```

Author: thanks, applying this manually since it should be `the classnames of each filter factory implementation`

:github-sample-contributor: {github}/blob/main/kroxylicious-sample/src/main/java/io/kroxylicious/sample/SampleContributor.java

For Kroxylicious to instantiate and configure your custom filter we use Java's {java-17-javadoc}/java.base/java/util/ServiceLoader.html[ServiceLoader] API.
Each Custom Filter should provide a corresponding {api-javadoc}/io/kroxylicious/proxy/filter/FilterContributor.html[FilterContributor]
implementation that can contribute an instance of your custom Filter and optionally declare a configuration class that Kroxylicious will
populate (using Jackson) when loading your custom Filter. The module must package a `META-INF/services/io.kroxylicious.proxy.filter.FilterContributor` 
file containing the classnames of each contributor into the JAR file.

> A convenience abstract class is provided to simplify building FilterContributors for Filters that require configuration, the {api-javadoc}/io/kroxylicious/proxy/filter/ConfigurableFilterContributor.html[ConfigurableFilterContributor].

Reviewer: ConfigurableFilterContributor was abandoned.
```suggestion
```
